fix(threat shield ip): text adjustments (#196)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: threat_shield_ip.rst

---------

Threat Shield IP also includes protection against various types of Denial of Service (DoS) attacks.
DoS protection limits excessive traffic of specific protocols, blocking that kind of traffic until the situation normalizes.
It monitors all incoming WAN traffic to detect and block WAN-based DoS attacks.

- ``Block ICMP DoS``: when enabled, this option protects against DoS attacks using the Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP).
  The limit is set to 100 packets per second.

> - ``Block TCP SYN DoS``: this option, when activated, guards against TCP-based DoS attacks based on bad packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``Block TCP SYN DoS``: this option, when activated, guards against TCP-based DoS attacks limiting the number of new connections per second.
```

  A packet could be considered bad if it is not part of an established connection or if it is part of a connection that has been closed.

>   The limit is set to 10 bad packets per second. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The limit is set to 10 connections per second. 
```
